h1. blast-publickey

Example of Blast SSH server with public key authentication.

h2. How to Test

1. create @~/tmp/authorized_keys@ . An example is: 

bc. ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAABAQDEtlBOtaFm0m3aDs8j1aBtxuOaGVjStOgipdQ3PWDWXMERqfsFFz7biRZEmAEVi5DM0Fr/PhGwwkH98pWm6C0hjqNgl1t1iOpu/csWZhRxVRwkIKsdMGh0ak+cGBMk3HuiM3vZzFbTa6qlI5GCxfqRcnfY/HN7yREWiqKUG4hCxraceTZHLMqOGG7W+fG7jIBjKlXQGjpY9KRAjsoui1q5PGV8F7BcQv0bGCFBGtPAL2Fqy2NEFH/BcaDJpI/gJqzP1gZyVghvyN7Y0AnDwxqN6ZSuo/Yji0bAYGBRc4aJnl4dkP92kouJewhWv23H28qvH+nng3/AX1kp82robUT1 agus@agus.dev

2. Run the project

3. SSH to port 8103 localhost. You can login as any user, it doesn't matter.

bc.. $ ssh -p8103 localhost
  _________      .__                              
 /   _____/ ____ |  |  __ _____  _______    ______
 \_____  \ /  _ \|  | |  |  \  \/ /\__  \  /  ___/
 /        (  <_> )  |_|  |  /\   /  / __ \_\___ \ 
/_______  /\____/|____/____/  \_/  (____  /____  >
        \/                              \/     \/ 

Hit '<tab>' for a list of available commands
and '[cmd] --help' for help on a specific command.
Hit '<ctrl-d>' or type 'logout' to disconnect from the terminal.

adri@root> 


h2. How It Works & Where to Configure

It replaces the @META-INF/shell/ssh-command-context.xml@ resource.

The configuration is in @blast-publickey/src/main/resources/META-INF/shell/ssh.properties@ .

This properties file can and should be replaced in applications, or loaded from different location.

The application context is in @META-INF/shell-context.xml@, and applications should base
its context from this.
